Oie docs embedded master golang 2 (#2438)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-cases/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/go/integrationsteps.md

### Step 1: Click on the sign-in page link

> The first step occurs when the user selects on the sign-in link. This link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step occurs when the user selects the sign-in link. This link
```

  s.pkce, err = createPKCEData()

  //Place in session
  session.Values["pkce_code_verifier"] = s.pkce.CodeVerifier
  session.Values["pkce_code_challenge"] = s.pkce.CodeChallenge
  session.Values["pkce_code_challenge_method"] = s.pkce.CodeChallengeMethod
  session.Save(r, w)

  //Get nonce
  nonce, err := generateNonce()

  //Get interaction handle
  interactionHandle, err := s.getInteractionHandle(s.pkce.CodeChallenge)
  s.interactionHandle = interactionHandle

  //Get Issuer
  issuerURL := fmt.Sprintf("%s/", s.config.Okta.IDX.Issuer)
  issuerParts, err := url.Parse(issuerURL)
  baseUrl := issuerParts.Scheme + "://" + issuerParts.Hostname()

  //Setup the data for the Widget
  data := customData{
    IsAuthenticated:   s.isAuthenticated(r),
    BaseUrl:           baseUrl,
    ClientId:          s.config.Okta.IDX.ClientID,
    Issuer:            s.config.Okta.IDX.Issuer,
    State:             s.state,
    Nonce:             nonce,
    Pkce:              s.pkce,
    InteractionHandle: interactionHandle,
  }

  //Load the page with the Widget and data
  err = s.tpl.ExecuteTemplate(w, "login.gohtml", data)

 }
```

### Step 3: Display the Widget using initialization data

> Add the the following Okta javascript and css files to the page with the embedded Widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the the following Okta JavaScript and CSS files to the page with the embedded Widget.
```

```html
<script src="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-signin-widget/5.8.1/js/okta-sign-in.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<link href="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-signin-widget/5.8.1/css/okta-sign-in.min.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
```

Next, add a div tag that's the container for the Widget.

```html
<div id="okta-signin-widget-container"></div>
```

> Finally, add the javascript that loads the Widget into the `div` tag. The parameters set in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add the JavaScript that loads the Widget into the `div` tag. The parameters set in
```

> [step 2](#step-2-get-data-to-initialize-the-widget) are being used to initialize the `OktaSignIn` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[step 2](#step-2-get-data-to-initialize-the-widget) are used to initialize the `OktaSignIn` object.
```

```javascript
<script type="text/javascript">
  var config = {};
  config.baseUrl = "{{ .BaseUrl }}";
  config.clientId = "{{ .ClientId }}";
  config.redirectUri = "http://localhost:8000/login/callback";
  config.interactionHandle = "{{ .InteractionHandle }}";
  config.useInteractionCodeFlow = "true";
  config.codeChallenge = "{{ .Pkce.CodeChallenge }}";
  config.codeChallengeMethod = "{{ .Pkce.CodeChallengeMethod }}";
  config.state = "{{ .State }}" || false,
  config.debug = true,
  config.authParams = {
    issuer: "{{ .Issuer }}",
    scopes: ['openid', 'profile', 'email'],
  };
  const signIn = new OktaSignIn({
    el: '#okta-signin-widget-container',
    ...config
  });
  signIn.showSignInAndRedirect()
    .catch(err => {
      console.log('Error happen in showSignInAndRedirect: ', err);
    });
</script>
```

> ### Step 4: Complete loading of the Sign-in page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Complete loading the sign-in page
```

> ### Step 1: Click on the sign-in page link

Author: We can clarify with Chris, but it is my understanding that these steps are supposed to be "command style". For example, "Click on ..." "Navigate to ..."

> The first step occurs when the user clicks on the sign-in link. This link

Author: Updated

> points to the sign-in page where the Widget is embedded. On the sample application's homepage,

Author: Text updated.

> this link is named **Login** and located on the top right corner of the page.

Author: text updated.

> ### Step 2: Get Widget initialization data

Author: text updated.

> When the sign-in page loads, obtain the parameters required for the Widget to load. Source these

Author: Updated with a minor amendment.

> parameters using multiple methods. The main parameters include:

Author: Good one. Updated to "different"

* **Client ID, issuer, scopes:** source from the [configuration](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/go/main/#configuration-settings)
* **Interaction Handle**: obtain from the `/interact` endpoint
* **PCKE parameters, state and nonce:** generate values
* **Base URL:** derive from issuer URL

> These parameters are passed to the Widget as it loads on the page. Where you set these

Author: Text updated.

> values depends on the application. The sample application sets most of these values on the server

Reviewer: What dependency does the setting location have with the application?

Author: I felt the sentences were not necessary as they are explaining details that developers should know. They were removed.

> before the page is loaded in the `LoginHandler` method. See the following code for more

Reviewer: The sample code shows the `LoginHandler()` function. It doesn't show how most of these values are set on the server before loading `LoginHandler()`. Perhaps change the intro blurb for this code snippet?

Author: So this is a good catch and it was somewhat intentional. The fact that the Golang sample app sets all these values is a bug and this logic should be behind a SDK method. When developers create their own app they, they shouldn't have to call the `/interact` method and create the PKCE parameters but this is how it works currently.  So as a result, I took a somewhat cursory approach to the fields and didn't go into detail about how to create these values.

The bug is detailed here: https://oktainc.atlassian.net/browse/OKTA-419917.

  s.pkce, err = createPKCEData()

  //Place in session
  session.Values["pkce_code_verifier"] = s.pkce.CodeVerifier
  session.Values["pkce_code_challenge"] = s.pkce.CodeChallenge
  session.Values["pkce_code_challenge_method"] = s.pkce.CodeChallengeMethod
  session.Save(r, w)

  //Get nonce
  nonce, err := generateNonce()

  //Get interaction handle
  interactionHandle, err := s.getInteractionHandle(s.pkce.CodeChallenge)
  s.interactionHandle = interactionHandle

  //Get Issuer
  issuerURL := fmt.Sprintf("%s/", s.config.Okta.IDX.Issuer)
  issuerParts, err := url.Parse(issuerURL)
  baseUrl := issuerParts.Scheme + "://" + issuerParts.Hostname()

  //Setup the data for the Widget
  data := customData{
    IsAuthenticated:   s.isAuthenticated(r),
    BaseUrl:           baseUrl,
    ClientId:          s.config.Okta.IDX.ClientID,
    Issuer:            s.config.Okta.IDX.Issuer,
    State:             s.state,
    Nonce:             nonce,
    Pkce:              s.pkce,
    InteractionHandle: interactionHandle,
  }

  //Load the page with the Widget and data
  err = s.tpl.ExecuteTemplate(w, "login.gohtml", data)

 }
```

> For more information on how to set these values, see the sample application.

Reviewer: Maybe remove this line (sample app is already referenced)? Or provide an exact location in the sample app to see how these values are set?

Author: sentence removed.

> ### Step 3: Display Widget using initialization data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Display the Widget using initialization data
```

> The next step is to build the page that will host the Widget. First, add the the following Okta javascript and css files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the the following Okta javascript and css files to the page with the embedded Widget.
```

Reviewer: You don't need "next step", and "first": these things are already mentioned in the heading :-)

Author: text updated.

```html
<script src="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-signin-widget/5.8.1/js/okta-sign-in.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<link href="https://global.oktacdn.com/okta-signin-widget/5.8.1/css/okta-sign-in.min.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
```

> Next, add a div tag that will host the Widget.

Reviewer: The "div tag" is hosting the Widget?
Maybe: "Add the Widget in a div tag"?

Author: Instead of "host" I used container as in: "Next, add a div tag that's the container for the Widget."

```html
<div id="okta-signin-widget-container"></div>
```

> Finally, add the javascript that loads the Widget into the `div` tag. Note the parameters set in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add the javascript that loads the Widget into the `div` tag. The parameters set in
```

Author: text updated.

> [step 2](#step-2-get-widget-initialization-data) are being used to initialize the `OktaSignIn` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[step 2](#step-2-get-data-to-initialize-the-widget) are being used to initialize the `OktaSignIn` object.
```

Author: updated.

```javascript
<script type="text/javascript">
  var config = {};
  config.baseUrl = "{{ .BaseUrl }}";
  config.clientId = "{{ .ClientId }}";
  config.redirectUri = "http://localhost:8000/login/callback";
  config.interactionHandle = "{{ .InteractionHandle }}";
  config.useInteractionCodeFlow = "true";
  config.codeChallenge = "{{ .Pkce.CodeChallenge }}";
  config.codeChallengeMethod = "{{ .Pkce.CodeChallengeMethod }}";
  config.state = "{{ .State }}" || false,
  config.debug = true,
  config.authParams = {
    issuer: "{{ .Issuer }}",
    scopes: ['openid', 'profile', 'email'],
  };
  const signIn = new OktaSignIn({
    el: '#okta-signin-widget-container',
    ...config
  });
  signIn.showSignInAndRedirect()
    .catch(err => {
      console.log('Error happen in showSignInAndRedirect: ', err);
    });
</script>
```

> ### Step 4: Complete loading of Sign-in page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Complete loading the sign-in page
```

Author: text updated.

> When the page loads successfuly, the Widget will display a sign-in form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the sign-in page is successfully loaded, the embedded Sign-In Widget is displayed:
```

Author: text updated.

> similar to the following screenshot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: resolved from earlier feedback.

<div class="common-image-format">

> ![A screenshot of the sign-in widget showing the username and password](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-sign-in-page.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A screenshot of the Sign-In Widget showing the username and password fields](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-sign-in-page.png)
```

Author: text updated.
